Do you promote equity in your environment?
At FEMSA,
this means the approaches and resources adapt
to the needs and contexts of each person.
In our road,
equity can compare to access ramps, crossings,
bike lanes, signposts, or other facilitators that let everybody
advance on the path according to what they need.
In other words, equity becomes a tool
that adjusts to the environment and systems,
so they adapt to the individual needs of each person.
We have made a commitment to identifying tactical gaps
and to reviewing and adjusting key processes,
such as recruitment, hiring, and accessibility
so we can guarantee the same conditions for everyone.
Together, we can build an environment
where every person feels valued and respected.
Thank you for joining us in our commitment to equity!